# 这期的文档是图片，格式不好 先不做了

# Part II Vocabulary and Structure 词汇和句子结构

不合适 打印出来 或在书上做题

16. If Peter \_\_\_ to the office tomorrow,tell him the news please.(B)
    A. come B. comes C. came D. will come
17. Yesterday Mr.Smith bought \_\_\_ English dictionary while I got a Russian novel in the bookstore. (B)
    A. B. an C. the D. /
18. Every day \_\_\_ water is wasted here thought we are badly short of it.(C)
    A. any B. a number of C. a lot of D. these
19. Lucy got to the station \_\_\_ late to catch the train, so she had to wait for the next one.(too)
    A. enough B. very C. too D.rather
20. There are not \_\_\_ students in Class One as in Class Two. (C)
    A. many as B. as many C. more as D. as more
21. Your hard work has made the project a success. Without your work it \_\_\_complete failure.(D)
    A. was B. were C. be D. would have been
22. She speaks English \_\_\_ than her brother does.(B)
    A. best B. better C. good D. well
23. ————Must we hand in our exercise books today? (B)
    ————Yes, \_\_\_.
    A. you will B. you must C. you do D. you can
24. They will have learned Russian for 7 years by the time they \_\_\_ from the university next year.(A)
    A. will graduate B. will have graduate C. graduate D. are going to graduate
25. ————Why did you sell the old car at such a low price.
    ————I did it only because I was made \_\_\_ it. (D)
    A. Do B. to do C. doing D. done.
26. On his way home, he suddenly heard his name \_\_\_. (D)
    A. Calling B. called C. to call D. call
27. There was an \_\_\_ look on his face when the actress appeared on the stage.(B)
    A. excited B. excite C. exciting D. excited
28. Under no circumstance \_\_\_ to tell lies to parents. (A)
    A. children are allowed B. are children allowed C. Children will allow D. will children alow
29. Lily \_\_\_ have known the truth, or she would have told us. (B)
    A. mustn't B. shouldn't C. can D. after
30. George applied for the position three times \_\_\_ he finally got it.(A)
    A. Before B. until C. when D.after
31. The best way to \_\_\_ this goal is to introduce new advanced technology. (B)
    A. Cross B. perform C. achieve D. complete
32. The man who was accused \_\_\_ stealing the car said that he was not guilty.(A)
    A. for B. with C. of D. about
33. If you want to treat your friends to dinner in a good restaurant at the weekend, you'd better book a table \_\_\_. (A)
    A. in front B. before C. ahead of D. in advance
34. Can you do the job alone, or do you want someone to \_\_\_ you? (B)
    A. affect B.assist C. apply D. arrange
35. But for her mother's sudden illness, she would never think of breaking this with you. （这题没说填哪）
    A. review B.interview C. movement D. appointment
36. When my American friends talk about China, they will always \_\_\_ it with the Great Wall.(B)
    A.advertise B. associate C. attach D. combine
37. The company is starting a new advertising campaign to \_\_\_ new customers to its stores.(B)
    A. attends B. attract C. stick D. transfer
38. It's wrong to judge people only according to their family \_\_\_ (B)
    A. basis B. area C. task D. background
39. Jog's friends all have a new bicycle,and he \_\_\_ wants one, too (B)
    A. badly B. very C. rather D. barely
40.
41. ————what has \_\_\_ the boy who fell of the bike?
    ————Nothing serious。 The doctor says that he can come back to school in a day or two.(A)
    A. become of B. happened with C. occurred of D. become with
    what has become of sb= What has happened to sb 某人怎么样了？

# Part IV Cloze 完形填空

# Part V Translation

英译汉

76. Then she moved to a valley. where she sold fruits and vegetables. 后来她搬到了一个山谷，在那里卖水果和蔬菜。
77. But for some players, gaming has become an unhealthy habit. 但对于一些玩家来说，玩游戏已成为一个不健康的习惯。
78. He says kids often have feelings of anxiety and loneliness. 他说孩子们经常有焦虑和孤独感。
79. But private lessons were too expensive. 但私人课程太贵了。
80. Last year, he performed in seven productions. 去年，他参演了 7 部作品。

汉译英

81. 由于下大雨，到处都出现了交通拥堵。Traffic jams are everywhere due to the heavy rain.
82. 如果不能来开会，请告诉我。Please tell me if you can't come to the meeting.
83. 我们刚才去超市了。We went to the super market just now.
84. 早餐我通常吃面包和鸡蛋。I usually have bread and eggs for breakfast.
85. 外面太嘈杂了，我无法集中精力。It's so noisy outside that I can't concentrate.
    1. concentrate v. 集中(注意力);
